[master][CC] Update Websocket docs and Improve Deploy API docs (#5595)
wso2/docs-apim: en/docs/deploy-and-publish/deploy-on-gateway/choreo-connect/deploy-api/deploy-rest-api-in-choreo-connect.md

For this example, let's create an API via the WSO2 API Manager Publsiher Portal.

### Step 2 - Deploy the API in API Manager

 The guide [here]({{base_path}}/deploy-and-publish/deploy-on-gateway/deploy-api/deploy-an-api) will explain how you could easily deploy the API you just created.

That's it! To invoke the API follow the steps [here](#step-4-invoke-the-api).

!!! info

>     During the startup, Choreo Connect will check the `config.toml` to see if the `controlPlane` configuration has been enabled. If so, it will start fetching all the necessary artifacts that belongs to the gateway environment given in `environmentLabels`. These artifacts include deployed APIs, Applications, Subscriptions, Polices, information related to Key Managers, etc.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    During the startup, Choreo Connect will check the `config.toml` to see if the `controlPlane` configuration has been enabled. If so, it will start fetching all the necessary artifacts that belong to the Gateway environment given in `environmentLabels`. These artifacts include deployed APIs, Applications, Subscriptions, Policies, information related to Key Managers, etc.
```
